In this lecture, we will learn about XDR or phage breakpoints.
And the question will be, how does Exige r phage breakpoints work?
Exit Asia is an abbreviation for SML SDP request.
If you want to break the execution when the exits are, you are a request that is ATP request or a fetch
API that the page requests has a specific string pattern.
The exit jar or fetch breakpoints are used.
Commonly known as exit your break points.
It fetches the L and pauses when the debugger runs into the specified string pattern.
This accepts a u r l request from the user, and it is fetched when the button is clicked.
Let me go to the browser Opening the sources panel.
The debugging pane shows different types of breakpoints.
Here I will expand this exit are fetch breakpoints option.
By default, this option appears which you can check if you want to break the execution of any requested
you ordered.
I will select this and enter the URL for Udemy.
And now clicking this button.
You see, the debugger paused here.
Similarly let's try with Amazon dot com.
And one more example of Google dot com.
So the debugger pauses every time a u r l is fetched or requested because we have selected this option.
And now let me show you.
For pausing the execution only when a particular string is encountered for that.
Let me refresh and click on this plus icon to add a you are to string where you want the debugger to
pause.
Now.
Let's see.
I want to pause.
Only when that is.
W w w in the u.
R l.
Pressing Enter and I will uncheck this option.
And again I provide the URL of Udemy and click on the button.
As soon as it found.
W.
It paused.
But if I copy the u r l of this HDMI output file and now if I click fetch.
The debugger does not pose.
Let's add one more string here.
I will say pause only if the u r l has m in it.
This is like the previous one and again clicking on the button.
Again, the debugger did not pass.
But if I change this to Amazon and click again, it pauses.
So this breakpoint pauses the execution only when it finds the specific string in it.
If mentioned otherwise, you can also pause on every request.
If this option is selected.